What is a Lab?
A lab is an automatically graded assignment and is a graduation requirement. 
In this Lab, you'll develop a trading card for an animal. On the following page, you'll be able to launch your Lab. Inside the lab, you'll be given instructions and a workspace where you can code your project. 
When you're ready to see how you're doing, press the "Run Code" button! A panel will open to display the progress of the automatic grader. If one of the rules doesn't pass, make sure to read the garder's feedback carefully to see what needs to be changed. 

What should you know to begin?
To be successful in this Lab, you'll need to have skills in: 
HTML skills
	adding a class to an element
	modifying text content
CSS skills
	adding a border 
	adding padding
	italicizing text
	altering list item bullets

Implement a web page using HTML and CSS
Task
Use what you learned about HTML and CSS to convert an initial design into a functional web page!

Key Takeaways
	HTML is used to structure your site
	CSS is used for styling

You will be provided with the following files: 
card.html
styles.css
placeholder.png
design-prototype.jpg

Required changs
Make the following changes to card.html
1. change the heading to the name of your favorite animal 
2. replace the placeholder image with your favorite animal's image. 
	Also, change the image's alt attribute to the name of your animal. So, alt="name-of-your-animal" should be replaced with the actual name of your animal. 
	Note: You will want to use an image with a width of 300 pixels. If your image is larger, you can set the image's width to 300 pixels in your CSS, but be aware that your image might end up squished or distorted. Later, we'll talk about how you can fix this problem using repsonsive images. 
3. edit the interseting fact paragraph
4. edit the key characteristics
5. edit the informational paragraph 

Style the page 
Try to recreate the design-prototype.jpg. 
You'll need to modify card.html to include attribute and use selectors to specify the elements you want to style. 
The CSS ust apply these styles to match the design prototype.

1.link your stylesheet styles.css to the HTML or else your CSS will not be applied.
2. give the intersting facts <div> a CSS class of animal-info
3. Italicize the text for the animal's interesting fact 
4. bolt the labels for the animal's list items (e.g. 'Habitat')
5. remove dots from the animal's list items
6. add a border around the animal's name, image, and information
7. add a border around the animal's information
8. add spaing between the animal's name, image, and ifnormaiton (you will need ot use the property padding). 

